---
layout: post
title: Week 2 Boot camp
---

We just got done with week 2 and it was for sure better than week 1. I still have days where nothing clicks, and I feel like I am the only one in the class that does not understand what we are doing. But then I started thinking about my prework and what I have learned since day 1. I try every day after class to think of at least three things that I have learned that day. By doing so, it brings me to the conclusion that that I learn something new every day and if I keep it up, I should be just fine at the end of week 12.

This week we have worked a bit on our Awesome Pizza web page, worked with bootstrap, started our text game and finally worked on Json. I would say that my least favorite thing this week has been Json. I still dont fully understand it, and it can be frustrating at times, but the weekend is coming up and I'll make sure to dedicate some time to figure it out. The concept of Json is easy to understand, it's how to actually do it that confuses me. 

The text game has been my favorite activity this week. We have worked on it for about 2 days, and it seems like I learn something new and awesome all the time. Before starting the text game, I did not fully understand how classes worked and how to define the functions. But like everything else, when you work on something for a while, you'll learn more and more. 

I still have problems with the morning warm ups, they just dont make any sense to me, but if I take the morning warm ups and put it into a real life example, it is alot easier for me to understand.

If i had to rate week 2 I would give it a solid 7 out of 10. I am not where I would like to be, but I think that I am doing pretty well for being a noob. 